C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.deps.json
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Demo.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.pdb
c:\Users\Administrador\Desktop\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Demo.dll
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.deps.json
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.dll
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\bin\Debug\net6.0\Demo.pdb
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.dll
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\Demo.dll
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\Demo.pdb
c:\Users\samue\Desktop\Projetos\Testes_De_Software\TestesDeSoftware\01 - Testes de Unidades\Demo\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\Demo.dll
